[Music]
44 to the chief musician a contemplation
of the sons of korah we have heard with
our ears Oh God
our fathers have told us the deeds you
did in their days in days of old you
drove out the nations with your hand but
them you planted you afflicted the
people's and cast them out for they did
not gain possession of the land by their
own sword nor did their own arms save
them but it was your right hand your arm
and the light of your countenance
because you favoured them you are my
king no God command victories for Jacob
through you we will push down our
enemies through your name we will
trample those who rise up against us for
I will not trust in my bow nor shall my
sword save me but you have saved us from
our enemies and have put to shame those
who hated us in God we boast all day
long and praise your name forever but
you have cast us off and put us to shame
and you do not go out with our armies
you make us turn back from the enemy and
those who hate us have taken spoil for
themselves you have given us up like
sheep intended for food and have
scattered us among the nations you sell
your people for next to nothing
and are not enriched by selling them you
make us a reproach to our neighbors a
scorn and a derision to those all around
us you make us a byword among the
nations a shaking of the head among the
peoples my dishonor is continually
before me and the shame of my face has
covered me because of the voice of him
who reproaches and reviles because of
the enemy and the Avenger
all this has come upon us but we have
not forgotten you nor have we dealt
falsely with your covenant our heart has
not turned back nor have our steps
departed from your way but you have
severely broken us in the place of
jackals and covered us with the shadow
of death if we had forgotten the name of
our God or stretched out our hands to a
foreign God would not God search this
out for he knows the secrets of the
heart yet for your sake we are killed
all day long we are accounted as sheep
for the slaughter awake why do you sleep
Oh Lord
arise do not cast us off forever why do
you hide your face and forget our
affliction and our oppression for our
soul is bowed down to the dust our body
claims to the ground arise for our help
and redeem us for your Mercy's sake